Slander now you are hurt
Kang Zhiqiang is calm
This is my first time.
Didn't I tell you I have my own opinion?
go back
But I can't fight this treacherous villain
Rainy night, you have to believe me
I was really framed
Really? Framed up?
What about Zhao Tiegang's evidence?
How do you explain what happened to the Fangs?
That can't be faked, right?
Cloudy night, I said you are too young
Then Zhao Tiegang told you personally.
Not really.
But it just has his seal.
Seal of the Romutus
You want me to give you a king basket?
Go. Look at this
If he is exposed, he will kill him
Fei Long, let go of me
Dongyang Feilong
How dare you touch him?
I can't spare you today.
you
Don't you believe me?